Game:Commanders @ Eagles
Commanders: 7-3
Eagles: 7-2
Thursday 7:15 PM CST
This game is the battle for the NFC East. Lot riding on this game for both teams. Big playoff and divison implications,
but also the first of a star QB showdown between two dynamic young playmakers. Dan Quinn has gone up against Siriani 6 times 
since 2021 as the Cowboys DC, and knows how Kellen Moore Schemes out his offenses. I'm thinking they rely on Hurt's ability to 
bomb it out to Godert, Hurts, and Brown depending on Lattimore's availability. On the flip side, 
Kliff and Jayden will have a tough time against Fangio and this defense, with Cooper DeJean, Quinyon Mitchell, and Zach Baun 
bringing the pressure against Brian Robinson and Scary Terry. I think the Eagles and their experience will extend their lead 
in the NFC East, beating out the commanders in a shootout, 38 - 35.

Game:Raiders @ Dolphins
Raiders: 2-7
Dolphins: 3-6
Sunday 12:00 PM CST
If you looked at this game in August, you'ld think this is another "Dolphins are beating a bad team" kinda game. Now, this looks
like a last chance for both teams. Dolphins come off a much needed win from their showing with the Rams, while the Raiders are 
well rested from their bye. The only bright spots on the Raiders team is Pass Rusher Crossby and Tight end brock bowers, who is 
exceeding beyond expectations with Minshew at the helm. Dolphins are going to steal candy from a baby in this one, 27 - 13.

Game:Browns @ Saints
Browns: 2-7
Saints: 3-7
Sunday 12:00 PM CST
If you're either of these teams, you're tanking. The saints win against the Falcons last week isn't going to spark too much new hope.
Now maybe they have a chance at second in the division if the Bucs fall off, but you rather go for the higher draft pick, considering 
the way the NFC is panning out. For the Browns, Stefanski and Dorsey are hoping to ignite a passion at Reverend Winston to get back at
his old team, but considering DA is canned, there really isn't much of a grudge to hold. Looking at these units, the Saints are looking 
much healthier with their O Line, but their recieving core outside MVS (who IS NOT making a come back) is a big question mark. The browns 
defense doesn't look too hot, but their offense looks more invigorated with Winston chucking the ball around (even it it's too the other team).
Browns will take this one, 21 - 17.

Game:Colts @ Jets
Colts: 4-6
Jets: 3-7
Sunday 12:00 PM CST
Hey Davante, hows Rodgers working out 🤣🤣? Both of these teams are on the fringe of falling from the hunt, with major question marks 
for coaching. Stiechen has had many questionable calls with managing the QB situation, especially with AR back under center. The main 
concern is AR's ability to manage the ball, complete the checkdown, and not tap out. 2 weeks on the bench should be enough to revitailize
him, but we'll see on that. As for the Jets, this team is just making mistake after mistake. Players aren't getting to where they need to be,
and no one unit is awful, but a lot of medicore and bad units aren't going to win you games. I think the Colts find the stride back in this one,
AR becomes the player he needs to be, and Rodgers is left on his ass with nothing to show: Colts 27 - 26.

Game:Vikings @ Titans
Vikings: 7-2
Titans: 2-7
Sunday 12:00 PM CST
I'm pretty open to trying new stuff outside 3 things: scuba diving, mayonaise, and rooting for Will Levis. Vikings, 42 - 20.

Game:Packers @ Bears
Packers: 6-3
Bears: 4-5
Sunday 12:00 PM CST
As a Bears fan, this season hasn't been anything special. I didn't expect us to win against the Commanders and Cardinals, at least make it 
somewhat close for a moral victory. But those brutal losses coupled with a beating against the Pat's, and all those depressing Shane Waldron
offsense stats don't have me hopeful. The firing of Waldron and replacing him with Thomas Brown isn't going to set us on a 6 game win streak,
the most it'll do is give Caleb the opportunity to get the ball to his recievers. If the Bears can come away from this game with >= 200 
passing yards and at least 2 passing TDs, then I'll have hope. As for the Packers, there's no question: Packers win it, 34 - 20.

Game:Jaguars @ Lions
Jaguars: 2-8
Lions: 8-1
Sunday 12:00 PM CST
I don't think we will ever see 2021 Mac Jones. This team is already looking for coaches to replace Pederson. Honestly, Lions can probably
rest their starters this game and still bash the Jags. Lions, 45 - 10.

Game:Rams @ Patriots
Rams: 4-5
Patriots: 3-7
Sunday 12:00 PM CST
Old versus new... I don't expect this to be anything like the 2018 superbowl game between these two. Ram's coming off a tough loss against 
the Dolphins, while the Pats stomp all over the Bears. Rams defense has been it's strength, even though its spending over 150 Mil on offense.
The Pass rush Duo with Fiske and Verse is bound to hit Maye couple of times, and their secondary is making more plays. Stevenson and Polk 
seem like Maye's targets, but he'll need a lot more help if he wants to bring home the W. Flipping the ball, Ram's offense has been really 
slow. Stafford starting to show signs of his age, throwing multiple interceptions these past 2 games, and missing redzone targets. The Pat's
defense has been stought tho, and looks to provide a challenge against the Rams. I think Pats will steal this in a last second field goal: 24-23.

Game:Ravens @ Steelers
Ravens: 7-3
Steelers: 7-2
Sunday 12:00 PM CST
This is going to be a huge game. So many key rivalaries, so many implications, so many opportunities for both of these teams. For the Ravens, a
win puts them on top of the divison. For the Steelers, it puts them further up the division and closer to the 3rd playoff spot. Ravens haven't 
beaten the Steelers since 2022; can John Harbaugh just not compete against Mike Tomlin's swag? On offense, the Steelers look so complete. With the 
addition of Williams, Russ is able to spread the wealth to him and Williams, as well as add the gas to Warren. On Defense, while Alex Highsmith may be 
banged up, don't think they are out yet; TJ Watt, Cam Heyward, and newly accquired Preston Smith are going to cause problems for the Raven's Linemen.
Flipping the script, Lamar is proving to be a back to back MVP candidate, using his arms and legs to win games. His arsenal of weapons along with Monken's 
playcalling is making this train roll smoothly. On defense, Zach Orr is getting the job done, even with Kyle Hamilton questionable. This game is one of the 
reason's I'm so invested with the sport. I think Steelers and Russ cook on this one, 34 - 31.

Game:Seahawks @ 49ers
Seahawks: 4-5
49ers: 5-4
Sunday 3:05 PM CST
Remember week 3 when the Seahawks were 3-0 and seemed almost undefeatable. Remeber last year when Mike Mcdonald's Defense massacred the 49er's
and Purdy on Christmas.... yea, things have changed. Seahawks come off a bye, before which they had a heart breaking loss to the Rams. The 9ers
narrowly beat the injury ridden Bucs, with Purdy showing that he's more than just the Shannahan system. This offense worked without their playmakers 
at key times, and now they are cooking with CMC in the backfield. The 9ers defense thanks God they got Bosa there, otherwise that unit would be a mess.
On the flip side, the Seahawks are really going through the feels. The offense just doesn't look in sync without Metcalf, who is starting to show 
signs of coming back but progress is still slow. Whatever happens wit the Seahawks, it's going to take a lot to bring them into the NFC playoff picture.
49ers take this one, 27 - 24.

Game:Falcons @ Broncos
Falcons: 6-4 
Broncos: 5-5
Sunday 3:05 PM CST
Ya know, Bronco's really aren't catching a break. Sure, they took a book to the head by the Ravens, but that loss to the Cheifs was almost unfair, 
"blocking that last second field goal"... please. Anyways, Falcons face another Sean Payton variant, this time himself, after getting kicked in the 
behind by the Saints. They are going to look back at that game for a while, and now both teams are in a situation where they must win now. The Broncos 
sit at the bottom of the AFC playoff picture and need to stay above 500 to stay in, while the Falcons going 6-5 would make it easier for the Bucs to 
take back the NFC south. Cousins is going to get his mind right if he has any shot against Van Joseph's defense, who is holding opponents to 17.9 points
per game. He and Zac Robinson are going to need to activate Mooney, Bijan, Drake, and Pitts. Looking on the flip side, Bo Nix is looking like a challenger for 
rookie of the year, and his offense is looking more in sync. The Falcons secondary is giving up too many yards, and their pass rush isn't getting to the qb 
fast enough. Broncos have been in a rut and will use this opportuinty to get out; Broncos 28 - 18.

Game:Chiefs @ Bills
Chiefs: 9-0
Bills: 8-2
Sunday 3:25 PM CST 
I wonder if we're gonna see Mahomes cry again about an unfair offsides penalty this year, or will his subpar play be enough to shut him up this 
year. Bills are looking like the best team in the league, especially after the cooper acquisition. Chiefs defense and Spags tho, look like the perfect 
group to stop this high powered offense. Sean's D looks solid, and matches up decently with a serviceable but not high powered Cheifs O. This game isn't 
going to be as fun as Ravens Steelers but will be big for playoff implications. I'm going with the upset on this, Bills are breaking the Cheifs undefeated 
record, 26 - 24.

Game:Bengals @ Chargers
Bengals: 4-6
Chargers: 6-3
Sunday 7:25 PM
Joe Burrow and Chase are going to throw up 5 TDs again just to loose by a last second field goal all because Lou keeps shitting the bed. This Bengals 
defense isn't making anything work, epsecially with their secondary not performing. Looking at the Chargers, who could get it better than Jim? An all pro 
QB with a stout OL and tough recievers, while a defense holding teams to low pointage. It's going to be crazy to see a strong Chargers defense and high scoring
Bengals offense duel it out, but I think the Chargers Offense is going to unlock Quinton Johnson and Herbert's deep passing ability to edge out the Bengals 
defense. Chargers will take it, 34 - 33.

Game:Texans @ Cowboys
Texans: 6-4
Cowboys: 3-6
Monday 7:15 PM
You ever see that meme of "Just checking to see if yall still dem boyz" with Carr, Goff, and all the QBs who trashed the Cowboys? Just 
go ahead and add Stroud to that already, this Cowboys team is done for the year. Jerry should have fired McCarthy after that Massacre 
last Janurary, and is now paying the price. Texans bounce back with a big state win, 42 - 3.

Game:Teams On Bye: 
Arizona Cardinals
Carolina Panthers
New York Giants
Tampa Bay Buccaneers