Text: 3 years ago, all of Browns nation thought they had the QB position set: Deshaun Watson would be coming back to lead this franchise
to their first championship ever. In the blink of an eye, the league saw the collapse of a fringe wild card team into chaos, where 4 QBs,
 including 2 mid roud rookies and an aged veteran, are competing for the starting job. It would be easy to say the Browns are going to be 
 a bottom team again next year, but behind all the competition and crappy play, there may actually been some hidden gems in Cleavland.

Text: Looking at this Browns 2024 season, it's an understatement to say this team was bad, they were awful. They almost got the number 1 overall
pick if it wasn't for tiebreakers, and this team constantly underperformed the whole year, considering the lack of depth and talent that was 
already on the roster. Even taking Deshaun Watson out of the picture, they were 2-8 starting Jameis Winston, Dorian Thompson-Robinson, and 
Bailey Zappee. 

Text: The Browns ranked 32nd in offensive scoring, EPA per play, and EPA per pass. If you think their QB room is bad now, last years QB room 
was just awful. Even with a bust in Kenny Pickett (may not really be his fault), 2 rookies in Dillon Gabriel and Shedeur Sanders, and old man 
Flacco, this room actually has potential in comparison to last years QB room. It's needless to say Deshaun Watson is done playing, but what does 
the rest of the offense look like now.

Image: IMG/BR_23.jpeg

Text: The last "stable" version of the Browns offense was in 2023, when the team went 11-6 and made the playoffs. While the passing game 
was lacking, this version of Stefanski's offense was 10th in points scored, and was held together by a semi-stable Deshaun Watson and a 
4 game linsanity run by Joe Flacco. The real Stefanki offense was the one in 2020, where the Browns went 11-5 and almost beat the Cheifs 
in the divisonal round. 

Text: Kevin Stefanski’s offense is built around a strong running game and smart, deceptive passing. It often uses two tight ends to 
block and help disguise plays, especially play-action passes, where the quarterback pretends to hand off the ball before throwing. 
The team mixes different running styles to keep defenses guessing and sets up easy throws across the middle of the field. Recently, 
they’ve added modern concepts like RPOs (run-pass options), which let the quarterback choose between handing off or throwing based 
on the defense. With a creative new offensive coordinator in Tommy Rees, the Browns are aiming to make their system even more 
dynamic and balanced.

Image: IMG/MG.jpeg

Text: As bad as the Browns offense was, the defense wasn't actually awful. The unit ranked 14th in the league for EPA per play, and 
10th in the leauge for EPA against the rush. While the secondary was banged up (JOK and Denzel Ward), this team was 21st in rushing 
yards allowed, and 11th in passing yards allowed. In 2023, this defense was elite, as it allowed the 2nd least passing yards, 
11th least rushing yards, and ranked top of the leauge in EPA per play. While the defense did decline in 2024, it can still pick 
up the pieces in 2025, especially with the continuity of Jim Schwartz and Myles Garrett. 

Text: Now obviously, with the Deshaun Watson contract, this team didn't have a lot of flexibility in free agency, especially after 
the Myles Garret extension. While I do believe that Myle's Garret is worth every penny of that 4 Years $160 million contract, the 
Browns are really limited what they can do in free agency. Their biggest signing was DT Maliek Collins from the 49ers at $10 million APY,
and LT Cornelius Lucas from the Commanders at $3.25 million APY. They also brought in G Teven Jenkins from the Bears on a 1 year, $3 
million contract. Bringing in Lucas and Jenkins as offensive line depth is smart, as much of the current OL are on expiring contracts
and are older. However, the browns moves are more centered around the draft.

Image: IMG/Draft.jpeg

Text: As a team that was depleted and lacking depth, the Browns desperately needed draft picks to restock their roster. Looking at 
their rookie haul, the main points that stand out is the additions to the defense. Adding both Mason Graham and Carson Schwesinger
will infuse talent into a defense that, only a year ago, was arguably the top defense in the league. Pairing Garret and Graham along 
the defensive line will scare the heck out of offensive linemen. Additionally, the trade with the Jaguars to move back from 2 to 5 
to pick up a future first round pick puts the Browns in place to move up and grab a QB high in the 2026 draft.

Text: On the offensive side, the rookies really speak for themselves. RB Dylan Sampon and Quinshon Judkins will provide a 1 + 2 punch 
that will effectively replace the production that Nick Chubb had. This will fit perfectly into Stefanski's scheme, and will take the pressure
off of QBs. The addition of Harold Fannin Jr. to the tight end room will complement David Njoku, offering QBs more options to pass the 
ball down the field. 
